README.md, before:

# EncycloClip

[EncycloClip™](http://itunes.apple.com/app/encycloclip/id368747595?mt=8)
for iPhone®, iPad®, and iPod Touch® is a faceless iPhone/iPad app by
[Flash Sheridan](http://pobox.com/~flash) which searches the online
version of the Encyclopædia Britannica® for the contents of your
clipboard. To use it, select and copy some text (for instance in an
eBook, web page, or your own notes); then launch EncycloClip™ from your
home screen. It is possible to do this manually from Safari by visiting
the m.eb.com website, but EncycloClip™ reduces the minimum tap count for
a lookup to two from eight (or six if you have added it to your Home
Screen), and eliminates an unnecessary web request.

EncycloClip™ is neither endorsed by nor affiliated with Encyclopædia
Britannica®. It merely facilitates access to their web site, which may require
a subscription or show advertisements,
and sometimes needs to scroll down to reveal its search
results. On recent iOS versions, launching Safari can sometimes take
several seconds; during this time a blank screen will be displayed.

[Known
Issues](http://pobox.com/~flash/EncycloClip/EncycloClip_Known_Issues.txt)

For support, email <kwikmenu@pobox.com>.

<span class="small">Home page:
<http://pobox.com/~flash/EncycloClip></span>

Commit message:

Explain impending removal from the App Store

README.md, after:

# EncycloClip™

[EncycloClip™](http://itunes.apple.com/app/encycloclip/id368747595?mt=8)
for iPhone®, iPad®, and iPod Touch® is a faceless iPhone/iPad app by
[Flash Sheridan](http://pobox.com/~flash) which searches the online
version of the Encyclopædia Britannica® for the contents of your
clipboard. To use it, select and copy some text (for instance in an
eBook, web page, or your own notes); then launch EncycloClip™ from your
home screen. It is possible to do this manually from Safari by visiting
the m.eb.com website, but EncycloClip™ reduces the minimum tap count for
a lookup to two from eight (or six if you have added it to your Home
Screen), and eliminates an unnecessary web request.

EncycloClip™ is neither endorsed by nor affiliated with Encyclopædia
Britannica®. It merely facilitates access to their web site, which may require
a subscription or show advertisements,
and sometimes needs to scroll down to reveal its search
results. On recent iOS versions, launching Safari can sometimes take
several seconds; during this time a blank screen will be displayed.

EncycloClip™ was in the Apple iOS App Store from 2010 until 2019.
In September 2019 I was told that it violated App Review Guidelines, because 
I had not needed to update it recently, and that it would be removed within the month.  
I appealed, pointing out that the Guidelines actually required updating only to ensure 
that the app remains functional and engaging to new and existing customers; I noted that
the Encyclopædia Britannica has remained functional and engaging for two centuries.
I was told that exceptions are not provided.  I was further informed that an update would 
now be rejected, as the Britannica web site offers a trial subscription to non-subscribers.

I am therefore making the source code available, so that users with Xcode may install it on iOS devices.
Users who have upgraded to iOS 11 or later may be able to achieve a similar functionality with 
<a href="https://routinehub.co/shortcut/2905">Run Shortcut</a>.  (I am still clinging to iOS 10, as
many of my favorite apps and versions are only available in 32-bit.)

[Known
Issues](http://pobox.com/~flash/EncycloClip/EncycloClip_Known_Issues.txt)

For support, email <kwikmenu@pobox.com>.

<span class="small">Home page:
<http://pobox.com/~flash/EncycloClip></span>
